# Independent-study
Entry 1:
For the first week into our independent study, my main focus was to find the right topic to work on. In the beginning, I had multiple ideas about what I could make, but there wasn't one idea that really stood out. Some of my ideas were to create a game with unity, make a bot, and to make a website maker with jekyll. Even by Friday, I was still stuck on what I should work on. By the end of the week, I decided to do more research about how to make a website maker with jekyll. I want to know how long this project would take me if I attempt to do it, and how hard it would be compared to the subjects I already know. As of now, I am interested in making a website maker,, but am not 100% sure that I am going to stick with this idea. A geneeral tip I have for others is to not procrastinate and to do the work needed to be done. If I thought about these ideas more in the beginning, I wouldn't be spending so much time on it now.

Entry 2:
For the second week into our independent study, my main focus was to know what I would like to do for this project. By Friday, I was still stuck on what I should work on. By the end of the last week, I decided to do more research about how to make a website maker with jekyll. I want to know how long this project would take me if I attempt to do it, and how hard it would be compared to the subjects I already know. However, during my second week, I did more research into other topics. I am now interested in making a game with the godot engine which is a gaming engine made by MIT. I would like to make a nice 2D game that is similar to slither.io

